O:
[date]
Time Arrived: [time]
Status of Environment: Safe. Clean. Adequate space for ambulating with 4 wheel walker.
IPAC Screening: Negative
How patient was found: Patient was found sitting in his room.
People present during visit: Patient + 2 members of family living at residence.
How did the client ambulate: Ambulating with 2 wheel walker. Antalgic shuffling gait favouring right LE. Patient stable during ambulating with 2 wheel walker at slow pace. Mild thoracic kyphosis with mild unsteadiness. Tolerates household distances well.
Starting Pain: 4 (groin, described as baseline today)
Verbal Consent: Obtained

A:

Treatment plan provided by the PT, A.K.

Bed exercises:

1- Left Heel Slides x 15 reps.

2- Left isometrics quads, Hamstrings x 5 secs hold 10 reps each. (hold time progression to consistent 5 seconds)

3- Left Hip Abduction in supine x 15 reps use the garbage bag. (Writer helping with passive movement to extend ROM comfortably for patient)

4- Left Quads over roll x 5 secs hold 15 reps. (consistent 5 second hold progression)

5- B/L Gluteal squeezes x 5 secs hold 10 reps. (consistent 5 second hold progression)

Seated exercises:

1- B/L Long arc quads x 5 secs hold x 10 reps each. (consistent 5 second hold progression, especially L side)

2- Seated Heel Toe raises x 15 reps



R:
Status of Program: Completed full program as prescribed. Will continue to increase sets + work towards consistent hold times for all exercises as progression.
Tolerance: Patient is tolerating program well. Program continues to offer challenge. Frequent breaks were taken to allow patient to catch his breath, discuss pain/discomfort and recover. [Ongoing July 10]
How the client was left: Standing at the top of entryway staircase with 2 wheel walker.
Concerns: None noted today. Patient caretakers concern over using staircase to leave home for appointments. The writer has contacted the PT regarding concern.
Ending Pain: 5 (L side groin pain continues to be the main source of discomfort - lower today)
Other note: Patient continuing to sleep most nights in his bed instead of recliner.
Time Departed: [time]