O:
[date]
Time Arrived: [time]
Status of Environment: Safe. Clean. Ongoing Renovations to Upper floor of home. Patient living in downstairs apartment, sleeping on pull out couch.
IPAC Screening: Negative
How patient was found: Sitting in sofa chair watching TV.
People present during visit: Partner/Caretaker
How did the client ambulate: Walking aid: 2 wheel walker. *NOTE* [ongoing as of July 7] Patient does not use aid consistently. The writer made sure to continue to educate on the potential risks of a fall by not using gait aid. Writer also suggested that the patient use their gait aid tools whenever they ambulate, even around the basement apartment.
New concerns reported: Injury management no concerns noted.
Starting Pain: 1 (Low today again)
Verbal Consent: Obtained

A:

Treatment plan provided by the PT, A.K.


-      Standing exercises: Holding sturdy surface close contact guarding:

1-    Marching x 15 reps progress to 2 sets.

2-    B/L Hip Abduction x 15 reps progress to 2 sets.

3-    B/L Hip Extension x 15 reps progress to 2 sets.

4-    B/L Knee flexion x 10 reps progress to 2 sets.

5-    B/L Heel raises x 15 reps progress to 2 sets.

6-    Partial squats x 10 reps. (focus on squat form and using chair as guide for form/positioning, patient tolerating well)

All standing exercises to be progressed to 10 reps 2 sets.

-      Seated exercises:

1-    B/L Long arc quads x 5 secs hold x 10 reps each. (2-3 second hold > cues for progression to 5 second hold)

2-    Seated Clamshells x 10 reps 2 sets using Yellow TheraBand today focus on form (RA Provided Band)

3-    Breathing Exercises: Diaphragmatic breathing exercises, Thoracic expansion exercises x 5 reps 3 sets (reminded patient of daily frequency prescribed by PT again today The patient mentioned that he's been doing diaphragmatic/thoracic expansion hands on chest/stomach 4 times daily independently per the writer's suggestions) > breathing + arm movement exercises 10 reps x 2 sets each continued.


R:
Status of Program: Completed full program as prescribed + progression steps continued. Patient reported today that he no longer feels light headed during breathing exercises in the way that he did at the start of the program.
Tolerance: Patient is tolerating program well, expressed mild/manageable fatigue at the end of session. Patient expressed that he continues to feel less aches and pain overall during HEP + ADLs.
How the client was left: Sitting in sofa chair in basement apartment watching television.
Concerns: None reported by patient.
Other notes: The writer has scheduled next visit for July 14, as PT has a scheduled FU visit on July 9th.
Ending Pain: 2
Time Departed: [time]